README.md, before:

# CrunchyRP

CrunchyRP is an Crunchyroll electron wrapper that uses Discord-Rich-Presence, showing on your status what you're watching. 

### Features
  - Show whenever you're on catalogs or watching an episode
  - Shows the serie's name and episode number & title
  - If it's possible, it shows Timestamp of the remaining time to finish the video

### Planned
  - Special Small Image for Premium and Premium+ users.
  - User-translated "Browsing" and "In the Catalogs" depending on the language selected on the app.
  - Support for special videos (such as Movies). 

## Relases
You can download a prebuilt [relases](https://github.com/ElBuenAnvita/CrunchyRP/releases) NSIS installer for this app.
> The app could be shown as a virus because a lack of an certificate (We don't have money!) 

## Building yourself
So you have chosen... __death__!

You will need
* [Latest active versions of NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/es/about/releases/)
* [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)

### Running!
Run `npm install` inside of the repository folder to install the necessary dependencies.
Once it's done, use `npm start` to run the app.
### Building
App also has built method for distribution (NSIS installer). Use `npm run dist` for it

## Bugs & Contribuiting
You can fork this repo and make changes for fixing, enhancement, and open a pull request.

## Contribuitors
| <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/331641970910953473/ab6342cb2ac00635094d6818d4ebe3b5.png?size=1024" width="150px;"/> | <img src="https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/517788082783911946/705833222600130670/rotate.png?width=475&height=475" width="150px"/> |
| ------ | ------ |
| ElBuenAnvita#7699<br> | Cuarentena#8250<br> |

## Preview
<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/409599882559619082/705834006369009684/unknown.png">

<img src="https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/409599882559619082/705792153753747496/unknown.png">

## Info
This app/software/code isn't official nor linked with Crunchyroll, ELLIATION, AT&T or OTTER MEDIA.

Commit message:

Se me había olvidado mencionar a nirewen

README.md, after:

# CrunchyRP

CrunchyRP is an Crunchyroll electron wrapper that uses Discord-Rich-Presence, showing on your status what you're watching. 

### Features
  - Show whenever you're on catalogs or watching an episode
  - Shows the serie's name and episode number & title
  - If it's possible, it shows Timestamp of the remaining time to finish the video

### Planned
  - Special Small Image for Premium and Premium+ users.
  - User-translated "Browsing" and "In the Catalogs" depending on the language selected on the app.
  - Support for special videos (such as Movies). 

## Relases
You can download a prebuilt [relases](https://github.com/ElBuenAnvita/CrunchyRP/releases) NSIS installer for this app.
> The app could be shown as a virus because a lack of an certificate (We don't have money!) 

## Building yourself
So you have chosen... __death__!

You will need
* [Latest active versions of NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/es/about/releases/)
* [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)

### Running!
Run `npm install` inside of the repository folder to install the necessary dependencies.
Once it's done, use `npm start` to run the app.
### Building
App also has built method for distribution (NSIS installer). Use `npm run dist` for it

## Bugs & Contribuiting
You can fork this repo and make changes for fixing, enhancement, and open a pull request.

## Contribuitors
| <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/331641970910953473/ab6342cb2ac00635094d6818d4ebe3b5.png?size=1024" width="150px;"/> | <img src="https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/517788082783911946/705833222600130670/rotate.png?width=475&height=475" width="150px"/> |
| ------ | ------ |
| ElBuenAnvita#7699<br> | Cuarentena#8250<br> |

Thanks to (nirewen)[https://github.com/nirewen/discord-netflix]! This app was made based on his code!

## Preview
<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/409599882559619082/705834006369009684/unknown.png">

<img src="https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/409599882559619082/705792153753747496/unknown.png">

## Info
This app/software/code isn't official nor linked with Crunchyroll, ELLIATION, AT&T or OTTER MEDIA.
